
whizzpast.com – This Website will teach you all you need to know about history.
khanacademy.org – Watch thousands of Lectures covering a huge range of topics.
freerice.com – Boost your brain by taking quizzes and for each question you get right, rice is donated to people in need!
unplugthetv.com – Instead of watching TV, this will select a random educational video for you to watch.
coursera.org – Provides a range of free and paid courses by Universities around the world, covering a huge range of topics.
mentalfloss.com – Contains fascinating articles all created to get you thinking.
ted.com – TED (Technology, Entertainment and Design) provide videos from inspirational speakers and subject matter experts covering a range of topics.
lifehacker.com – Includes tips and tricks for making your life a little easier.
udemy.com – A huge range of courses, free and paid, covering every topic you can think of.
good.is/infographics – Insightful Infographics that provide useful information.
mathrun.net – An addictive math game to help you practice your math skills.
lizardpoint.com – Browser-based games to improve your geography, math, and more.
edX – Free online courses from some of the worlds best Universities
zenhabits.net – Insightful Blog about living life in a simpler fashion.
duolingo.com – Learn new languages for free while helping to translate the web.
memrise.com – Courses made with flashcards that are based on the spacing effect to help you learn quickly!
nerdfitness.com – Excellent fitness blog for the beginner.
openculture.com – Directory of free learning resources on the web.
charitynavigator.org – Review charities so you can make the best donations.
lettersofnote.com – Letters meant to make you think.
MIT Open Courseware – Free access to lots of MIT courses.
codecademy.com – Learn various programming languages and web technologies.
investopedia.com – Learn about the world of finance and investment.
ureddit.com – The University of Reddit –  Learn or teach Redditors.
engineerguy.com – Engineering broken down into layman’s terms.
zooniverse.org – he world’s largest and most popular platform for people-powered research.
quora.com – Ask and answer questions put to the site on a range of topics.
aldaily.com – Articles from a variety higher education journals and publications.
noexcuselist.com/everything – Learn anything for free.
livemocha.com – Community providing 
